Update CLI sample deprovision script (#367)
box/developer.box.com: content/guides/cli/scripts/deprovision-users.md

     Managed User 1,ManagedUser1@test.com
   ```

Set the user ID which will be the new owner of user content
   before deleting the user, set the `NewFilesOwnerID` parameter to the

>    user ID you want.

Reviewer: This sentence is convoluted a bit - should it be:
`To set the user ID which will be the new owner of user content
   before deleting the user, set the NewFilesOwnerID parameter to the
   user ID you want.` 
   
   So basically `To` is missing at the beginning of the sentence?

>    If no value is provided before running the script, it will prompt you to
>    input one or press Enter to use the user ID of the current authenticated
>    user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If no value is provided before running the script, it will prompt you to
   provide one or press **Enter** to use the user ID of the currently authenticated
   user.
```

./Users_Deprovision.ps1 -DryRun
```

> To set the new files owner ID in runtime, add the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set the new files owner ID at runtime, add the
```
